
 My Clicker Game

 inspiration for level 1 background from: https://www.deviantart.com/thu2000/art/dark-room-pixel-art-851050890

 Stage A (killing ants in your house)
 ------------------------------------
 - dialog
   """
   the year is 2027. you had big expectations of this year back in 2024.
   instead, you get an ant infestation epidemic. ants have gotten a lot more adaptive.
   a person living with upper-class income can afford to avoid ants from infesting any dust, food or sweat for 5 minutes.
   I, on the other hand have to compromise for a grand 5 seconds.
   the only way out from this anguish is to buy a place at the centre.
   i have lots of clients in need of a website to advertise their ant-repellant products.
   all i need is to survive
   its difficult to have hope in these times but a little energy and a little strategy and i may be able to make it out.

   you make money every second that you are not busy tending to ants.
   """
   
 1. ants gather on your items at home, clean the items before they get on your eyelids (active stage)
 2. you buy repellant at the store, some ants automatically die (passive + active stage)
 3. at some large amount of money saved, you go to buy hotel at skyscraper that claims they are ant-free (to stage B)

 Stage B (sneaking ants to other houses)
 ---------------------------------------
 - dialog
   """
   you are now ant free. this feels like heaven.
   the hotel has some next-generation technology that makes the ants pass out for very long durations of time.
   they are still up in their labs looking for ways to kill an ant, i hear.
   however, the luxury has changed you.
   made you afraid of losing it.
   your new job pays very handsomly and the better you do your job, the more years you secure this life.
   you are loyal to the work you do and the people who pay you for it.
   you collect all the ants rendered unconscious by the machine and sneakily dump them outside for a living!
   
   
   the toxic substance used by the machine is not fit to be touched so you get to use drones to go deliver the bags of ants for you.
   you're in charge of a small street with only 3 inhabited houses.
   your job involves being careful that you go unnoticed, and this includes not making any of the residents suspicious.
   unloading too many ants as well as not unloading enough will bring suspicion to you.
   your shift starts as soon as the shift before you ends. get ready
   """
   
 1. deposit ants at people's houses. if they get suspicious, you lose your job. the more ants you deposit the more money you make.
 2. you buy drones that do some of the depositing for you (more money factor)
 3. at some large amount of money

 Stage C ()
 ----------
 - dialog
   """
   that was a very successful shift, your boss was very proud.
   
   """
